---
title: "Dora - Decentralized Quora on Ethereum"
date: 2019-01-31
categories: 
  - Blockchain
tags: [ethereum, dApp, truffle, IPFS]
excerpt: "Dora is a platform similar to Quora or Stackoverflow, except the best answers get you paid in Ether"
---


## Introduction


Dora is a platform similar to Quora or Stackoverflow, except the best answers get you paid in Ether.


## User Stories

Like Quora, this platform brings 2 types of users together:
(1) askers of questions and
(2) responders to questions.

As an asker, I want to crowdsource answers to a question I ask, so that I get help from others with problems I can't solve myself.

As an asker, I want to incentivise others (with a reward in Ether) to provide the best answer, so that I get more quality answers, and quicker.

As an asker, I need to be able to pay a (refundable) deposit in Ether (currently set to 10% of reward), so that I myself am incentivised to actually pick the best answer when the time for answer submissions has expired (currently set to 3 days). When I chose the best answer, the deposit is transferred back to my account. If nobody answered my question, I can withdraw the deposit and reward from the contract.

As a responder, I want to be able to post an answer so that I have the chance to get the reward if my answer is chosen as 'best answer'. 

As a responder, I want to withdraw the reward from the account if my answer is chosen as 'best answer', so that I am paid.

## Links

If you want to try out the App, you need to have an ethereum wallet with some Ether on the Rinkeby test network.

The dApp is deployed on:
- [Github Pages](http://hochbruj.github.io/dora-dApp) 
- [IPFS](https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmQT59MDoAw1GXTNK1wtX4ixVBwq91V4hiVwVx2ssxWmiD)

The initial loading on IPFS might take several minutes.

Source code:
- [https://github.com/hochbruj/dora](https://github.com/hochbruj/dora)
